Assets/docs~/examples/account/create-phone-token.md, before:

# CreatePhoneToken

## Example

```csharp
using Appwrite;
using Appwrite.Models;
using Appwrite.Services;
using Cysharp.Threading.Tasks;
using UnityEngine;

public class CreatePhoneTokenExample : MonoBehaviour
{
    private Client client;
    private Account account;

    async void Start()
    {
        client = new Client()
            .SetEndpoint("https://<REGION>.cloud.appwrite.io/v1") // Your API Endpoint
            .SetProject("<YOUR_PROJECT_ID>"); // Your project ID

        account = new Account(client);

        await ExampleCreatePhoneToken();
    }
    
    async UniTask ExampleCreatePhoneToken()
    {
        try
        {
            Token result = await account.CreatePhoneToken(
                userId: "<USER_ID>",
                phone: "+12065550100"
            );
            Debug.Log("Success: " + result);
        }
        catch (AppwriteException ex)
        {
            Debug.LogError($"Error: {ex.Message} (Code: {ex.Code})");
        }
    }
}
```

## Parameters

- **userId** *string* - Unique Id. Choose a custom ID or generate a random ID with `ID.unique()`. Valid chars are a-z, A-Z, 0-9, period, hyphen, and underscore. Can&#039;t start with a special char. Max length is 36 chars. *(required)* 
- **phone** *string* - Phone number. Format this number with a leading &#039;+&#039; and a country code, e.g., +16175551212. *(required)* 

## Response

Returns `Token` object.
## More Info

Sends the user an SMS with a secret key for creating a session. If the provided user ID has not be registered, a new user will be created. Use the returned user ID and secret and submit a request to the [POST /v1/account/sessions/token](https://appwrite.io/docs/references/cloud/client-web/account#createSession) endpoint to complete the login process. The secret sent to the user&#039;s phone is valid for 15 minutes.

A user is limited to 10 active sessions at a time by default. [Learn more about session limits](https://appwrite.io/docs/authentication-security#limits).

Commit message:

Add new query methods and update docs for account tokens

Assets/docs~/examples/account/create-phone-token.md, after:

# CreatePhoneToken

## Example

```csharp
using Appwrite;
using Appwrite.Models;
using Appwrite.Services;
using Cysharp.Threading.Tasks;
using UnityEngine;

public class CreatePhoneTokenExample : MonoBehaviour
{
    private Client client;
    private Account account;

    async void Start()
    {
        client = new Client()
            .SetEndpoint("https://<REGION>.cloud.appwrite.io/v1") // Your API Endpoint
            .SetProject("<YOUR_PROJECT_ID>"); // Your project ID

        account = new Account(client);

        await ExampleCreatePhoneToken();
    }
    
    async UniTask ExampleCreatePhoneToken()
    {
        try
        {
            Token result = await account.CreatePhoneToken(
                userId: "<USER_ID>",
                phone: "+12065550100"
            );
            Debug.Log("Success: " + result);
        }
        catch (AppwriteException ex)
        {
            Debug.LogError($"Error: {ex.Message} (Code: {ex.Code})");
        }
    }
}
```

## Parameters

- **userId** *string* - Unique Id. Choose a custom ID or generate a random ID with `ID.unique()`. Valid chars are a-z, A-Z, 0-9, period, hyphen, and underscore. Can&#039;t start with a special char. Max length is 36 chars. If the phone number has never been used, a new account is created using the provided userId. Otherwise, if the phone number is already attached to an account, the user ID is ignored. *(required)* 
- **phone** *string* - Phone number. Format this number with a leading &#039;+&#039; and a country code, e.g., +16175551212. *(required)* 

## Response

Returns `Token` object.
## More Info

Sends the user an SMS with a secret key for creating a session. If the provided user ID has not be registered, a new user will be created. Use the returned user ID and secret and submit a request to the [POST /v1/account/sessions/token](https://appwrite.io/docs/references/cloud/client-web/account#createSession) endpoint to complete the login process. The secret sent to the user&#039;s phone is valid for 15 minutes.

A user is limited to 10 active sessions at a time by default. [Learn more about session limits](https://appwrite.io/docs/authentication-security#limits).
